•	How would you go about diagnosing the problem remotely?

I’d use tools to try connecting remotely to the station (SSH for instance) or any platforms the company may have to do basic checks.  Thinking as if this 
station is like the traditional ones to put gas in cars, I believe that there are more than one station or pump and, if it’s only one station with connection 
problem, I’d discard an Internet layer issue, for example.
I'd first do basic checks on connections like sending a ping, for example, if the EVSE or charger is capable of receiving pings. Secondly, as you say the 
inconvenient is only in one station, I may think that the problem could be a wrong network configuration like DNS or IP configuration or even a firewall 
that do not let the station connect.
If the system saves logs, I’d check those looking for the error.  This way would be easier to address the solution to the connectivity problem.
If the connection in the station is wired, this could also be the problem a physical connection problem; or if it’s wireless, there may be any obstacle 
that interfere with the signal, again, thinking as if there are more than one station but only one has the issue.
Lastly, as all the hardware is electronic stuff, check with someone physically there if there is a shortage or problems with energy supply or if station 
has been unplugged from the electric line or if any electrical safety equipment went off.

•	What steps would you take first to resolve the issue?

Because we are impacting users that cannot charge their vehicles and the company reputation may be affected by those going to social media writing about 
the issue, I may contact them in some way or ask to the community manager to do so (if we have one) to control the situation and calm down customers while 
we check for a solution.  This is a must when dealing with public.
Then, I’d go through the steps in first question and I’d use the Powerflex platforms and protocols (which I still don’t know) to detail, manage and solve 
the situation.

•	How would you prioritize addressing this issue while handling other ongoing support tickets or tasks?

I’d think of the impact in customer service and money the company stops from getting.  The exercise says it is “high-traffic public EVSE station”.  So, I’d go 
through the workload I have currently and prioritize regarding the affectation in quantity of customers.  For example, if there is a complete site affected 
that has, let’s say 10 station that went off, this would go first and then the present issue.  It is probably needed to create a quick priority task list to 
address all the issues in time leaving the less important to the very end for example, new developments, daily tasks, etc.

•	When would you escalate the issue, and to whom? (Not an actual person but what would you think)

If I manage to get the solution on my own, I’d obviously give closure to the case.  If I find the solution but I need someone to help me out (lack of 
permissions or a physical presence in site) I’d escalate the issue to the right people and keep track until positive closure.  Companies some times keep 
track of past issues and save them for future affectations.  In my actual job we call it “Lecciones Aprendidas” (lessons learned).
If the solution is somehow a big deal and after all my checking persists, I’d elevate the issue to my supervisor giving all the documentation I managed 
to collect so we can give together a solution to the problem.